VIDEO_ID: 3cPisScbEJs
CANAL: AoC-Network_Kushner-Something-Terrifying

So, we [music] didn't expect to be speaking on this again so soon, but after what just happened, we have to talk about what is [music] being revealed. Plus, we just dug deeper into Jared Kushner's background. And let's just say there is something [music] disturbing we need to talk about. Now, [music] a couple of days ago, we posted on how Jared Kushner recently shared a statement by Trump that there would be this new border of peace being formed and Kushner stated that he was excited about it and that this would be a new historic era for the Middle East and Israel. And Trump, he said that the names of those who would be revealed as members of this peace [music] board, that he would reveal those names at a later time. Well, now we have heard that Jared Kushner was just [music] appointed to the Peace Board. So, we see why he was excited about it. He knew his role as peace maker in the Middle East is going to reach a new level now. So, what is the big deal in all of this? Well, many all over social media have had to admit [music] that this formation of a peace board giving power to figures who would make negotiations within the Middle East. It seems to be paving the way to what the Bible says would happen in the end times. Many refer to the books of Daniel and Revelation which show that eventually there's going to be this Antichrist beast king who will actually create a false peace with Israel. And the prophecy says [music] that there's going to be not only just the antichrist king but there will be power given to other kingly leaders in authority to exercise power along with him. And so the argument is that we are seeing the stepping stones to such a reality. As this young man pointed out, kings without kingdoms and here is a picture of what is coming. These are leaders who do not wear crowns yet their decisions shape economies, determine development paths. They are kings without kingdoms. Now, why are many talking about Jared Kushner? Well, I'm sure you've seen him pop up a lot lately, and admittedly, he is an interesting guy. In Trump's first term, it was Jared Kushner who came out of nowhere [music] and started to broker Middle East peace deals. It was Kushner who developed the Abraham Accords deal. It was Kushner who helped to set up the US embassy in Jerusalem exactly 70 years on his anniversary. It was Kushner who just recently, even though he holds no official White House position, instituted a major Israel deal between nations this term. And it was Kushner who advised this administration on what could happen if Gaza was vacated and then rebuilt. And now we see he is making plans to to turn Gaza into an AIdriven smart city with his project sunrise plan. And ironically Kushner knew the prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu since he was a child. It's just interesting how he now is in the mix of all of this [music] and people are noticing that all of these things are just happening rapidly. They're scratching their heads. And when you look further into Kushner, many are also finding it interesting that it was also Kushner who made history with one of the largest real estate purchases [music] when he acquired the 666 building as his company's office. And of course, what a coincidence there, you know, 666, right? If you of course that would just have to be one of the largest purchases in the United States, the 666 building by Jared Kushner. And then you have people making the point that his name translates into 666 with Hebrew Gamadria. And then you know some say well even his height is 6'3 63. So you have all of these coincidences with the number 666. You have all of these negotiations with Israel. So, you already know people are going to say that this is sounding like something out of a left behind end times movie. Some even jokingly say that he reminds them of the kid from the Omen all grown up. No comment on that. And so, you know, the internet is going crazy and that's why there is video after video being made about him. In fact, if you even go to his personal Instagram page, well, look at these comments. And these comments, I mean, they they don't hold back. They are just calling him this. And, you know, most people would turn off the comments at this point, but it's almost like Kushner is just bold with it. He doesn't he doesn't care. Um, so honestly, you know, when you look at all of these coincidences, I call them that. Um, if Kushner is not involved in the end times in some way, it would almost be like God is pranking us because this all of this is frankly hard to ignore. So, we did do a little digging on Jared Kushner as well. And uh to add to all of these strange coincidences, we did find something interesting regarding the meaning of his name. But more on that later. Right now, I need to make a few very important points. Really hear me out on this. Now, one thing about ALC network, yes, we are very vigilant on things happening with Israel. We were watchful. But one thing we have never done is label someone as the AC. We believe that is a very serious thing to do. So, [music] and it's fine to make observations, but we haven't labeled anyone as the AC because we believe that when the AC is on the scene, there will be no questions about it. You will have people pledging allegiance to him, worshiping him. You will have the false prophet making firefall down from the sky as it says will happen and you will have the abomination of desolation being set up. So, what we are seeing now, we believe are the pathways to that point. when it's actually happening. Those who have studied Bible prophecy will know, okay, this is it. But we are all seeing these things fit together. Now, second point, this is huge. When people see figures like Jared Kushner making moves like this and they see all of the coincidences with 666 and oh, by the way, I forgot to mention this. the amount that he purchased the 666 building for was 1.8 billion 600 million times three. Just another coincidence, right? And there's so many of them. And so when people see this, it's easy to immediately say, "Oh, oh yeah, that's that's the AC. He's he's got to be the AC." But we have to remember something very important. Revelation chapter 13 shows that there will be three end times figures on the scene, not just the AC. Hear me out on this. You see, yes, there will be the AC or the Antichrist king, but there will also be the false prophet. What does he do? Well, he will be some type of religious figure who his job is to make people worship and honor this antichrist king. And then there's going to be also on the scene the dragon Satan and he will be the main one operating behind the scenes pulling the strings so all of these things can happen. Now, I wouldn't expect Satan to literally show up and appear as a dragon. No. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if Satan tries to figure out a way to disguise or even incarnate himself as a human. Why? Because Satan always tries to copy God. Think of it. We worship the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. Well, you see, in that hour, Satan will try to have the world worship the Antichrist, king, the false prophet, and himself. There will be an evil trinity. We are sealed with the Holy Spirit. In that hour, Satan will seal his people with the mark of the beast. So just as the father incarnated himself and dwelt among us, I wouldn't put it past Satan to try to figure out some way through technology to do something similar to appear as a man, a human, but truly one who is purely evil, pulling strings behind the scenes. means to usher in a new world order. So remember remember that when you see people making moves, don't just immediately say, "Oh, that's the AC." No, because there are three end times characters. The AC king, the false prophet, and also Satan, who may also appear as a human. We'll have to see about that. The question is who fits in where? Now before we talk about what we discovered on Kushner, if you want to know more about our thoughts on the Antichrist King, watch the documentary Unmasking the Antichrist and especially pay attention to the imagery in the last [music] few minutes of that video. It sheds some light on how ancient evil may reappear in the political future. watch the imagery at the end. Now, a couple of months ago, we [music] released a video on Patreon doing research to dig deeper on Kushner. And um I think in light of these recent events, uh I think we should just share that video with you all right now so you can see what we discovered, especially regarding his name. And as you watch that video, as you watch what I'm about to play right now, see how it relates to everything we've just discussed. Certain things I can't just overtly say. You're going to have to put the pieces of the puzzle together and do the work. But here are the pieces of the puzzle >> about this is something that we can't just release publicly. We need to first have a conversation. I'm looking forward to your feedback on what I'm about to share. Firstly, let's take a look at this. >> Tell us more about the plan and how much it's going to cost. You know, the estimates are in the $50 billion range. It might be a little bit less. It might We're working with a group of people who have um been working on master plans for the last two years. >> So, there are plans already. >> We have plans already. We have a master plan already. And by the way, and Jared's been pushing this and we're working together on it. And >> I think if the world saw the progress so far, they'd be pretty impressed. >> Yeah. So, so basically over the last couple >> so and many people have commented that uh you know as he was speaking about this master plan Kushner just looked very uncomfortable >> on master plans for the last two years. >> So there are plans already. >> We have plans already. We have a master plan already. And by the way and Jared's been pushing this and we're working together on >> Kushner has very much been involved with plans for years now. And so what I'm about to share is pretty interesting. Peace and security deals that have been taking place and they wonder, okay, is this something that is leading into Bible prophecy, right? Um obviously you would think so if the scripture says that a time is coming when there will be peace and security, but then after that destruction will come. What's interesting about Jared Kushner though is something that many have been bringing to our attention. The meaning of Kushner's name. You see, one thing about the Bible is that the name of an individual is often linked to their purpose and identity. We see that with Jesus, Yeshua. Yeshua means salvation. Jesus came, brought salvation. The name Emmanuel is also linked to Christ and that name means God with us. Uh Abraham, it that's a name that means father of many nations. So one's name is very important and let's look at what the name of Kushner Jared means. Kushner many have mentioned that his name in the Hebrew refers to descend or descent. Many have also noted that scholars sometimes connect that to the fallen angels when they descend into the earth which is interesting. Also few have noted that um uh the name Jared appears in the Bible in three separate uh books and in each book um he's referred to as being the sixth generation. And so that's interesting that you know many have pointed that out. People are saying, well, they're connecting him with this whole six thing again, right? Um, you know, Genesis 5, he's shown to be the six and then Chronicles the six and Luke the six from Adam. So, they're they're they're saying that's some type of an interesting pattern. And I'm just sharing these things because these are things that people have been talking about in the comments. I want to present them to you. People have said that uh Jared, the generation of Jared is when the watchers or or the fallen angels came to the earth, right? And that seems to be the truth. You know, we see that right after Jared's generation, that's when there's this story of the angelic beings coming down and interfering with humanity and creating the Nephilim giants, right? And that was uh during the Jared generation. Um also even the uh the book of Enoch, right? Even it says that um it was in the days of Jared that these watchers, these fallen angels descended to the earth. And so many are saying that there's some type of a type with the name Jared and descent and fallen and also with fallen angels. Right now this is just interesting things and someone posted this and I did find it interesting. Check it out. Jared Kushner wants to build AI hubs, cloud storage, and [music] digital ID systems in Gaza. While a bunch of billionaires have backed him, calling it the future. But I'm telling you, this feels a lot less like business and a lot more like Bible. They're talking about creating a tax-free digital zone. It would be a smart city powered by artificial intelligence and global data. When you centralize data, identity, and control in one system, it sounds like the infrastructure of the beast. >> Here's what he did tell me that I want to tell you that's very important. He said within 18 months, which again would be, let's say, the spring [music] of 2027, he said, just trust me, everything is going to change how how everything is handled. Now, that would include jobs are going to completely shift. [music] That would include the educational system. That will include the banking system. That will include how you bank. that will include uh possibility and I'm saying possibility of everyone going on a digital type monetary system versus fiat money will probably be completely done away with by that time. Revelation 13 says a system will rise who controls who can buy or sell. What people don't realize is that it doesn't start with a mark. It starts with a network. Digital ID, global databases, AI systems, it's all connecting right now piece by piece. This isn't conspiracy. It's prophecy. The world is being prepared for a false kingdom. While they build their Tower of Babel out of code and silicone, the [music] true king still sits on his throne. So stay awake, stay faithful, because the beast is building, but so is God. [music]